Oh! Hey there!
Didn't think you'd wake up.-My name is Max!
From the looks of it, we're stuck in this cave together.-We have to help each other to leave this place. We can better our chances if we cooperate.
What do you say, pal?-Let's do it!-Yeah, fine...|It looks like we need to choose who goes through which door.-Alright! I want to go through the one on the right, you can go through the one on the left.-If that's what you want.-No, I'm going through the right door.-Yes, go through the right door. I'll take the left one.-Sorry, but I'd prefer going through the door on the right.|Well, that was easy. I feel good about our chances!
Let’s keep going!-Let's do it!-Sure.|Alright, I’ll take the one on the left this time. We can do this, friend!-That's fine.-No, I'm going through the left one, you take the other one.-Can I take the left one? Please?-That's fine! I wanted to go through the right one anyway.|We're making progress!-It's getting a bit harder though.
Let’s keep pushing forward!-Yeah, it is getting harder...-All right, let's go.|Okay, how about this? We’re going to play rock paper scissors for the doors. Whoever wins goes through the door on the right.-All right, I'll count.-Okay, let's play.|You made it!
I almost didn’t make it back there… Those spikes looked extra sharp.-We have to be careful...-I almost didn't make it either.|I am getting tired of picking doors.-Do whatever you want this time. 
Go ahead, choose.-I'm going left.-I'm going right.-Can you go right?-Could you go left?|Wow! That was tough...
No time to think about what could have happened though, let’s go.-Come on! We can do this!-It was pretty tough...|Look! The exit!-There’s only one door for the two of us though.-This is it then. I have enjoyed knowing you, but only one of us is getting out of here.-I don't know about you, but I don't want to be left behind.-I'm not going to stay here either!-It has been a pleasure. May the best one win!-Go ahead, I would rather stay.-You can go, I'm not sure I want to leave.|Wait, what are you doing?
Are you not even going to try?-As I said, I really don't want to stay here, so if you're not going to, I will go through that door.-I just don't think I can leave you behind...-I would rather save you than myself.-I guess you're right, I might as well try...-I was just getting ready, let's go!|I appreciate your sacrifice, thank you.
I will not forget you.