Oh. Hi there!
Wasn't sure if you would wake up...-I'm Linus, and I guess we’re stuck in this mess together.-Do you want to work together? I think we might have better chances if we cooperate. So, what do you say, pal?-Let's do it!-Yeah, fine...|I believe we need to choose who goes through which door.-Would you like to choose? I can go through the door on the right, if you prefer the one on the left.-If that's what you want.-No, I'm going through the right door.-Yes, go through the right door. I'll take the left one.-Sorry, but I'd prefer going through the door on the right.|I think that was pretty easy... I feel good about our chances!
Should we keep going?-Let's do it!-Sure.|So, friend, which door do you want to go through?-The right one is fine.-I'm actually going through the left one, you take the other one.-Can I take the left one? Please?-I want to go through the right one.|We’re making progress!-I feel like it’s getting a bit harder though...
But we might be able to do it.-Yeah, it is getting harder...-All right, let's go.|How about we play rock paper scissors for the doors? Whoever wins can go through the door on the right.-All right, I'll count.-Okay, let's play.|I’m glad to see you.
I thought I wouldn’t make it… Those spikes looked kind of sharp.-We have to be careful...-I almost didn't make it either.|Maybe I’ll go through the left door...
Or maybe the right one?-I can’t decide, please choose.- I'm going left.-I'm going right.-Can you go right?-Could you go left?|Damn, I’m not sure I want to keep going…
But I guess this isn’t the time to think about that, we should move.-Come on! We can do this!-It was pretty tough...| Look! The exit!-It looks like there’s only one door for the two of us though.-I guess this is it then. It was a pleasure knowing you, but I believe only one of us is getting out of here.-I don't know about you, but I don't think I want to be left behind.-I'm not going to stay here either!-It has been a pleasure. May the best one win!-Go ahead, I would rather stay.-You can go, I'm not sure I want to leave.|Wait, what are you doing?
Are you not even going to try?-As I said, I really don't want to stay here, so if you're not going to, I will go through that door.-I just don't think I can leave you behind...-I would rather save you than myself.-I guess you're right, I might as well try...-I was just getting ready, let's go!|I appreciate your sacrifice, thank you.
I will not forget you.

Adicionar uma linha no NPC room 3